Sit. This is yours
Just a little money
It will be our pond in the future.
Come on boss
This is what the average person can afford
Ouch boss
This is SM.
You don't know.
The restaurant run by the inspection team
A dish costs an ordinary person half a year's salary
Evil capitalism
What a loss!
There are also ordinary people working in this restaurant
The salary is quite high
Is there still a shortage of people in your family?
Oh, where is this?
Boss, if you need money
Tell me no.
Doesn't that mean I'm charging you for protection?
Hey, I'm going to push it. Why is the serving so slow today?
You don't have eyes?
Throw me all over the accounting to death
Excuse me?
Problems with our service
I apologize to you for that.
Who the hell are you?
Do you have the right to speak?
Sorry. I'll give you a free order.
That doesn't work, and I have to pay for my clothes.
100,000 bring it
Your dress costs 100,000
Why do you look down on me?
Stop Shen Qingyan
Hey! What are you doing here?
Why are you working as a waiter here?